non_uniform_disp_solver.pro tries to reproduce the results (see figs 1,2 and 3) in the following paper: https://arxiv.org/pdf/1309.3423.pdf The basic idea is to solve numerically the dispersion relation give by eq (27) to obtain the frequencies and the eigenfunction for a standing kink in a nonuniform solar flux tube. Currently there are errors in obtaining the frequency. Also, added are the functions I used to solve the Bessel functions with a complex argument. Their robustness have not been tested (although they worked for small arguments). If you wish to use them for actual science I recommend to check the output against MATLAB's. There maybe be many spelling mistakes in comments on the code, I am dyslexic and there is no spell check :). 

Bonus code: If we get through the first code fast enough, here's a possibly interesting code from my masters. The aim of this code is to output a Spectral Energy Distribution (SED) for a post-Asymtopic Giant Branch (AGB) star located in the Small Magellanic Cloud (SMC) and to calculate an estimate for the colour excess E(B−V). The methodology used is to first collect the photometric data (SED_data.dat) for a celestial object and is compared with an assigned theoretical model (Kurucz atmosphere model given by data_oats_py.txt). The photometric data is corrected for reddening as it is effected 3 sources, the Inter Stellar dust in our galaxy in the line of sight to SMC, the SMC itself and the circumstellar dust envelop of the star. Taking all factors into account an E(B-V) value is obtained from the optimal fit between the SED and the theoretical model. A Monte-Carlo simulation is applied to test statically the match of the “best” fit calculated by adding a random error to the E(B-V) calculations. Through this process estimations can be made from the SED such as Luminosity and radius of the star, dust temperature, distance between the circumstellar shell/disk and the star.

Use this link to find the codes: https://github.com/SP2RC-Coding-Club/Codes/pull/4/commits/eb1799f6f3af967236f9852b64245bfd2761a925
